:memo: Adding release instructions to the docs (#364)
alan-turing-institute/ice-station-zebra: docs/src/how-to/release.md

# Create a release

> IceNet-MP uses [CalVer](https://calver.org/) (e.g. `2026-v1`) for version numbers. Releases are made at least once per milestone, or sooner if there have been significant changes or improvements to the model.

Reviewer: Maybe `YYYY-MM` (i.e. `2026.07`) would be clearer? Or just `YY-MM` like Ubuntu (i.e. `26.07`)? Don't think we need the `v` either.

Author: Done in a6c1615a31dfda2106a2537191182b10002a72e8

## 1. Prepare the release

Create a new branch containing the changes to be included in the release. Increment the version in `pyproject.toml` and any other metadata that differs for the new release.

Open a pull request and merge it to `main`.

## 2. Publish the release on GitHub

On the main repo page, go to **Releases** -> **Draft a new release**.

1. Click **Choose a tag** and create a new tag named the version number.
2. Choose the commit to target the release at (the one you just merged to `main`).
3. Fill in the descriptive fields and publish the release.

## 3. Run the model comparison suite

> Once the release has been published — and before any other changes are merged — train the default set of models for a 24-hour run on Isambard, using the full dataset and all other defaults. The models tested should be the basic model suite, i.e.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the release has been published, train the default set of models for a 24-hour run on Isambard, using the tagged release version. This should use the full dataset and all other defaults. The models tested should be the basic model suite, i.e.:
```

- Persistence
- UNet (`naive-UNet-naive`)
- CNN-UNet-CNN
- CNN-ViT-CNN
- Diffusion

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- persistence (or similar climatology baseline)
- the four best performing models at release time
```

For each training run, set the W&B run `name` to the version and the model type (e.g. `2026-v1-persistence`) via the local config:

```yaml
loggers:
  wandb:
    name: <name>
```

> Evaluate each trained model, again using the version-based name for the evaluation run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluate each trained model, again using the version-based name for the evaluation run.

Upload summary evaluation plots/metrics to GitHub as release attachments.
```
